So, which IDE should
you use in this course?
Well, I use and recommended
IntelliJ IDEA, created by JetBrains.
Specifically, I'm using the community
edition which is free to download
and use with no restrictions.
But feel free to use any other IDE.
Almost any IDE that supports Java and
specifically JDK 11 should work ok.
Now, occasionally if you're using a
different IDE to me, you may have to
figure out things like the command
line, or runtime arguments, etc.
But I don't expect you'll
have any real issues.
All right, so that's the
housekeeping out of the way.
Let's move now onto section one
and get stuck into the course.
See you there.